hi beautiful people so I'm going to do a
holiday look today okay so let's get
started on the i start with the primer
I'm using Urban Decay's primer potion
warm it in your fingers I'm going to rub
that all over my eye this is going to
prevent the eyeshadow from creasing it's
going to make the eye shadow blast and
true to color and it's going to really
work if you have oily eyelid using a
champagne pressed pigment from Mac I'm
going to be using that all over the eyes
I'm just going to place that with a flat
shader brush and it's just going to
really pack on really get that color
concentrated in there and they'll just
wipe off any excess you have under with
your fingers or with a makeup remover
tissue
using this brown color apply it to the
outer corner of the eye with a fluffy
brush keep it on the outer third of the
eye and just add dimension to the eye is
going to make the eyes pop out more and
it's going to give them dimension
once you place your color make sure you
blend it out with the fluffy brush up to
the brow bone and outwards so it gives
you a really nice winged cat eye effect
and it also adds dimension
so are adding on our darker color and
then we're going to blend it out so make
sure that we blend the color out really
nicely and we keep it sort of in a
v-shape so we're going to create a
v-shape with this eyeshadow and we're
just going to really buff it out so a
really great blending brush would be key
here
now it's time for eyeliner you can use
any black eyeliner you want i'm using
Urban Decay's 24-7 glide on pencil start
really close to the lash line you want
to make little dots and then connect
them we're going to start really close
to the lash line that we're going to
thicken as we go and then start towards
the middle and then work your way
thinner towards the inner corner inner
corner really wants to be really thin so
that we can make an almond shape almond
shape is very sexy and they make the
eyes really pop out do the same thing on
the other side if you have a hooded
eyelid it's okay to make a thicker line
I will be having a video soon on hooded
eyelids eyeliner now it's time to add
some liner in the water line I like to
close my eyes and just tight line just
like that sing at the top and bottom so
I get a really black fact
repeat the same thing on the other side
now it's my favorite
our time to curl your eyelashes use any
eyelash curler you have i'm using sure
amor eyelash curler come to get those
sexy eyelashes i'm using macs and
extreme dimension lash start wiggling at
the base of your lash always go back and
forth in a wiggling motion and just
really helps to cope that all the
eyelashes and you want to start from
root to tip repeat the same steps on the
other side and really get some more
products in the outer corner and don't
forget those inner corners of the gap
that can give you a really great
dimension
and there you have it some sexy mascara
that's gonna make a big difference use
your favorite concealer to get rid of
those dark circles I'm using Pro
Longwear concealer I like it because it
sets Matt and it just stops any creasing
you want to get rid of the discoloration
primarily in the inner corner so just
focus on that area
use your favorite primer for your
foundation I'm going to apply that all
over the face it's going to do the same
thing as the eyeshadow primer and it's
just going to help the foundation last
longer and go on smoother
for holidays we want a foundation and
primarily a medium coverage foundation
when pie that all over the face and put
a little bit on my lips just so we can
prepare for the lip color
use a red lip pencil red lip pencils are
important for using red lips because
they help you get the shape that you
desire and help to get the perfect
outline because you don't want one side
bigger than the other so we want to make
sure that we define them and we get that
full lip look and I'm also filling it in
as I go for more staying power because
that's going to help that liner and the
lipstick last longer
you
now apply your red lipstick choose the
perfect red lipstick for your skin
complexion for more fair skin you're
going to want a more true red for more
darker skin you're going to want to go a
little deeper so just apply that all
over the lips on top of the lip liner
time to get those glowing cheeks pick
your favorite highlighter to put on the
tops of your cheekbones you're going to
be glowing all night long and it's going
to make your really stand out and make
you look really youthful and glowy
now who's blushing it's time to apply
your favorite blush color use a fluffy
brush to really get a blended soft you
full effect we don't want any harsh
edges because we want to make it look
like you're glowing from within and it's
your natural flush color
here's a time to add intensity if you
want apply some darker color in the
outer corner the same color that we used
earlier and that's going to just add
intensity and depth for those of you who
just want a little more drama because I
know there's going to be some of you who
just want more red lips topped with a
red lip gloss is the ultimate perfect
pair apply that all over the lips just
to get a really glassy effect and it's
going to really make the lips with next
in full happy holidays everyone there's
a finished look bye